Fix: Prevent the daemon from starting if the sync box is not detected (#93)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-collection/pre-session.md

    ![mac_setup](../assets/images/mac_setup.png) 

> - [ ] Connect one end of the parallel cable on the parallel plug on the back side of the STP100D unit of the BIOPAC and the other end to the parallel port of the NEUROSPEC parallel-to USB-converter.

Reviewer: Please revise this (I can't using the PR review utility because you did not modify this line):

1. Let's be more precise and replace any instance of "NEUROSPEC <blah blah>" with "MMBT-S Trigger Interface Box adapter" or "MMBT-S Trigger Interface Box adapter (N-shaped pink box)".
2. Let's be more precise and say that we want to connect the parallel cable to the 25-pin socket at the back of the SPT100D.

    ![mac_setup](../assets/images/mac_setup.png) 
- [ ] Connect one end of the parallel cable on the parallel plug on the back side of the STP100D unit of the BIOPAC and the other end to the parallel port of the NEUROSPEC parallel-to USB-converter.
    ![biopac-parallel-plug](../assets/images/biopac-parallel-plug.jpg "BIOPAC back side")
    ![neurospec](../assets/images/neurospec.jpg) ** Do not connect the NEUROSPEC parallel-to USB-converter to *{{ secrets.hosts.psychopy | default("███") }}* now. It must always be connected after the USB cable of the sync box.**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    !!! warning "If the monitor does not automatically switch the source of the screen, you can use the button below to switch it." 
    
        ![switch_screen](../assets/images/screen_switch.jpg)
      

> - [ ] Connect the NEUROSPEC adapter (pink USB cable) to one of the USB port of the laptop *{{ secrets.hosts.psychopy | default("███") }}*. **This cable must always be connected last.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Connect the MMBT-S Trigger Interface Box adapter (pink USB cable) to one of the USB ports of the laptop *{{ secrets.hosts.psychopy | default("███") }}*.
    ![neurospec](../assets/images/neurospec.jpg)
    
    !!! danger "The MMBT-S Trigger Interface MUST be connected to the laptop AFTER the trigger USB cable coming from the SyncBox. "
```

    
- [ ] Configure the display settings of the laptop to mirror outputs and set a resolution of 800x600 for both screens.
- [ ] Double check that the IP address corresponding to the ethernet interface of the *{{ secrets.hosts.psychopy | default("███") }}* laptop is correct. You can either run `ifconfig -a` or use the GUI. Make sure the IP/mask is **100.1.1.2/24**, and the protocol is IP version 4. Execute `ping 100.1.1.1` to see if the ET is responding to echoes.

> - [ ] Check that the service to synchronize the triggers is on with `sudo systemctl status forward-trigger`. If not, run `sudo systemctl status forward-trigger` and recheck the status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check that the service to synchronize the triggers is up with `sudo systemctl status forward-trigger`.

    !!! warning "If the service is down, manually force its start"
    
        - [ ] Run `sudo systemctl status forward-trigger`
        - [ ] Recheck the status with `sudo systemctl status forward-trigger`.
    
    !!! important "These commands are executed with `sudo`"
    
        The console will prompt you for the common user password: `{{ secrets.login.password_hos68752 | default("****") }}`

```
